telemetry-utils
=============== 
Tools to complement Flash's Telemetry feature.

## add-opt-in.py

Adds the EnableTelemetry tag to a SWF file for use with Adobe Scout.

Run this script on your SWF to make it generate advanced telemetry, which is
needed for the ActionScript Sampler, Stage3D Recording, and other features.

This script is provided as a last resort. If possible, you should compile your
application with the -advanced-telemetry option.

### Setup

1. You need Python 3.
1. For LZMA-compressed SWFs, you need [pylzma](http://www.joachim-bauch.de/projects/pylzma/).

### Usage

        ./add-opt-in.py swf_file [password]

If password is provided, advanced telemetry will only be visible if a matching 
password is entered in Adobe Scout. 


## telemetry.py

This is a tool for generating reports from .flm files captured via telemetry. 
Flm files may be captured using Adobe Scout or with the included flmserv.py script.

Various reports can be generated by using options. Reports print to stdout.
By default only a summary report is generated. Use -f to get reports on all frames.

### Usage

    Usage: python3 telemetry.py [options]

    Options:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -f, --frames          generate report for all frames
      -s, --summary         show individual metrics summary
      -a, --all             show all metrics
      -m, --memory          show Memory Stats
      -d, --dump            generate amf3 hex dump while parsing
      -l, --load=#          filter out frames with load < #
      --range=RANGE         set range of frames (RANGE = start:end)
 
### Sample Report

Here is an example of the default report.

	Report for: ../flm/myfile.flm
	Date = 2012-04-23 22:55:34.280000
	Swf Name = myfile.swf
	SWF Rate = 23.0 fps
	Telemetry version = 1,1
	Startup Time =  0:00:00.684330
	Metric Count = 152574
	Frame Count = 1225
	Render Count = 2846
	Run Time =  0:00:53.498891
	Time in Player =  0:00:14.685750
	Load = 27.45%
	Frame FPS = 22.91
	Render RPS = 53.22
	Most time by Category:
	Rendering: 9682.891 66%
	ActionScript: 2391.428 16%
	Player: 2318.862 16%
	Telemetry: 259.446 2%
  

## flmserv.py

This is a simple TCP service that can be used to capture .flm files from the
flash runtime. To use, simply run this script. Files will be saved in a .flm folder
relative to where flmsrv.py is executed.

Note, Flash must first be configured to have telemetry enabled. This is done by 
creating a .telemetry.cfg file in the users home folder and adding the line:
TelemetryAddress = localhost

	echo "TelemetryAddress=localhost" > ~/.telemetry.cfg
 
There are other settings you can configure in .telemetry.cfg and the location of the file
may change depending on your browser or operating system.
For more details on setting up .telemetry.cfg see "remote profiling" under:
	 [adobe-scout-getting-started](http://www.adobe.com/devnet/scout/articles/adobe-scout-getting-started.html)

Also note that Adobe Scout conflicts with flmserv.py, you cannot run both at the
same time since they set up a service on the same port. Adobe Scout will replace
or delete the .telemetry.cfg file, but modifying this file manually will not impact 
Scout settings.

### Usage

	 python3 flmserv.py [options]

	Options:
	  -h, --help   show this help message and exit
	  -q, --quiet  don't print status messages to stdout


## amf3reader.py

This is a generic library for reading amf3 formatted data into python.
Telemetry.py uses this to parse the amf3 files. It can also be used standalone 
to convert amf3 files (or .flm files) into JSON text data.

### Usage
	  python3 amf3reader.py filename [filename]...
		Where filename is a .flm file (or any amf3 formatted data)

